========================================================================
=                              Welcome!                                =
========================================================================

Hello and welcome to the Donald Bren School of Information and Computer
Sciences (Bren ICS).

You are receiving this message because you are either majoring in a
subject within Bren ICS, or you are enrolled in one or more Bren ICS
courses.

Bren ICS has a variety of resources available to assist you with your
studies. This message will provide a brief tour of the resources
available to you.



========================================================================
=                           Getting Started                            =
========================================================================

Using ICS Computing Resources
-----------------------------

***** Computer Labs *****

Bren ICS has four computer labs available for use by Bren ICS students.
The computers in these labs will generally have the software required
for your Bren ICS courses.

The three computer labs located on the first floor of the CS building
(CS 183, CS 189, and CS 192) are reserved for scheduled classes. The
computer lab located on the third floor of the CS building (CS 364b) is
a dedicated "open lab" with no scheduled classes. Bren ICS students can
use this lab on a first-come, first-served basis.

For more information about Bren ICS computer labs, see the following
links:

    * Lab Schedule:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/~lab/lab_schedule/index.php
    
    * Software:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/~lab/labs_specs/software.php
    
    * Hardware:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/~lab/labs_specs/hardware.php


***** Printing *****

There is a black-and-white printer available for Bren ICS students in
the CS 364b open lab.  You must have credit available on your student ID
card in order to print. 

For more information on using this printer, see:

    * CS 364b printer information:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/~lab/students/printing.php
            
    * Information about print credits:
            http://www.oit.uci.edu/labs/printing/


***** WiFi *****

The student wireless network covering Bren ICS is managed by the UCI
Office of Information Technology (OIT). Your wireless device will need
to be registered with OIT before it can connect to the wireless network.

To register your wireless device, see http://www.oit.uci.edu/mobile/.


***** Off-Campus Access *****

To access Bren ICS computing resources from off-campus, you will need to
connect to a virtual private network (VPN) managed by the UCI Office of
Information Technology (OIT). Please note that the campus wifi and
on-campus residential housing are considered to be off-campus networks
and will also require a VPN connection to access some Bren ICS
resources.

For more information on the OIT VPN and the software needed to connect
to the VPN, visit http://www.oit.uci.edu/vpn/.


***** Storage *****

Bren ICS provides professionally-managed data storage for all Bren ICS
students. This storage can be accessed from all computers in the Bren
ICS computer labs, from all servers in Bren ICS's Linux cluster, and
from your own personal computers.

For more information about Bren ICS storage and how to access it, see
the following links:

    * Acessing storage:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/account/mapdrive_win.php

    * Restoring files and folders:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/services/snapshot.php

    * Space limits:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/account/quota.php


***** Linux / Openlab *****
Bren ICS maintains a cluster of Linux servers (known as Openlab) which
are available to all ICS students. These servers can be accessed via SSH
and via Sun Grid Engine (SGE).

For more information on accessing the Openlab Linux Cluster, see the
following links:

    * Info and SSH access instructions:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/linux/hosts.php

    * SGE access instructions:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/linux/sge.php


***** Personal Web Page *****
Bren ICS provides basic web-hosting functionality so that ICS students
can host web pages needed for academic projects, as well as web pages
for personal non-commercial use.

For setup information, see:
    * How to set up your web page:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/web/personalpage.php
            
    * Frequently asked questions:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/web/faqs.php



Obtaining Software
------------------

***** Modules *****

The Linux servers at Bren ICS have access to a broad range of software
via Modules.

For more infomation, see:
        http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/linux/modules.php


***** Microsoft DreamSpark (MSDNAA) *****

Bren ICS students have free access to many of Microsoft's applications
via Microsoft's DreamSpark program.

For more information, see
        http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/services/msdnaa_faq.php



========================================================================    
=                        If You Need More Help                         =
========================================================================

If you need further assistance with using Bren ICS computing resources,
please see the following:

ICS Computing Support Web Site
------------------------------

Further information about Bren ICS computing resources can be found on
the Bren ICS Computing Support page:

    http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/index.php
    

Helpdesk
--------

If you are unable to find your answer on the Computing Support page, or
your are experiencing technical problems with Bren ICS computing
equipment, please contact the Bren ICS support staff.

For contact information, see:

    * Who to contact:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/contact/who.php

    * What to expect:
            http://www.ics.uci.edu/computing/contact/helpdesk.php